This time, we're going with my strategy.
Help me out.
Mother… These two are quite annoying.
Why don't you split them up…
and take them on separately?
Sasuke!
Now you won't be able to seal Mother away…
First, I'll suck out all of your chakra!
Damn it!
CONNECTING THOUGHTS It's hard to believe.
So both your powers and Sasuke's
are necessary in order to seal away this Kaguya?
Yeah! But like I said earlier, I can't sense Sasuke at all!
The ice…is moving.
Over there!
She's merged with Nature!
Naruto!
She's finally showing herself.
You said you suddenly stopped sensing Sasuke?
Yeah.
Then I suspect he was taken to another dimension.
If I resonate my Kamui the next time she connects
and opens a portal to another Time-Space,
I'm positive I can enter it.
If Sasuke is there, I can bring him back to this dimension.
However…
I'll need an enormous amount of chakra to do it,
since it's not my own Time-Space.
If my chakra runs out while I'm there, I'm done.
Then I'll go with you.
The real me won't go down that quickly.
Because I'm strong.
Your Clone Chakra isn't enough.
Would it still be inadequate with my 100 Healings Chakra?
That would give me the bare minimum.
Both of you, come with me.
All right!
I'm not going to waste time on a speech,
because I'm almost out of time.
But…
I just ask that you let me walk in front of you…
and die for you.
Then it's true.
This man can't be saved.
That's why he intends to die…
We don't even know if Sasuke is in that Time-Space.
But we'll start by getting into close range with her.
I promise to find Sasuke, and deliver him to the real you.
Obito.
Thanks for rescuing me…
And Sasuke too.
Don't thank someone like me.
Just keep an eye on the enemy.
So no more masks, huh?
I'm Kakashi's friend,
your father's subordinate,
I'm an Uchiha just like Sasuke,
and…
The Hokage is someone who endures pain
and takes the lead in front of everyone.
The way he forges ahead draws others towards him.
He makes you want to reach out when he's about to stumble.
I was your senior who dreamt the same dream as you.
Naruto!
And you said your name was Sakura?
Keep a hand on me,
so we can teleport to a different Time-Space at any moment.
Got it.
She knows about us, after all.
We have to keep in mind
that even if we jump into her dimension with Kamui,
she'll perceive us.
So we're not worth her attention, eh?
Yeah, come over here.
What you want… is my chakra, right?!
Whatever jutsu I use, she's just going to absorb it.
So what will work best on her is also…
a feint and taijutsu!
I can't use a pervy move to distract her anymore.
So I gotta go back to the basics and corner her!
If she tries to escape through that weird window again,
I'll enter it with her.
That's where I'll look for Sasuke!
Even now, I can sense Sasuke's chakra clearly!
This is my Time-Space.
You are powerless here.
Are you ready, Naruto?
Yeah!
I'm going to boost your chakra to the boiling point!
Vapor Style: Unrivalled Strength!
All right!
A-Amazing…
I infused chakra for you, Naruto!
Thank you, Kurama!
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Right now, this place is my Time-Space!
U...
zu...
ma...
ki!
Naruto
Uzumaki
Barrage!
It opened!
The real me will go!
He forced his way in?
Impossible!
He disappeared?
Looks like several managed to get in.
The other two ran out of power and faded.
Seems your clones didn't have enough chakra.
Are you the original Naruto?
So what if I am?
Mother, he's made it all the way into this Root Time-Space.
It's not good that he's here in this place
that connects directly to the other five Time-Spaces.
He might be able to get to where Sasuke is,
using the resonance of the dual opposite powers.
Take that weird jutsu earlier,
this shinobi Naruto has always been unpredictable.
We ought to just… kill him right now!
We can't do that.
I must absorb those children's chakra.
You use a huge amount of chakra
whenever you change the Time-Space of the world, Mother.
You need to preserve the chakra you've got for an emergency.
It's better if you don't keep engaging him.
If you get sealed away, all will be for naught.
No doubt, you'll lose a lot of chakra.
But you don't need his!
It's better than having our long- cherished plans turn to dust.
You're right.
We can kill him with this!
Murderous Bone Ash!
Die!
Now all of his clones in the Ice World
should be gone as well!
Thanks to Naruto,
we were able to successfully hide inside my Time-Space.
But he's gone, even as a clone.
You're the only one I can rely on, Sakura.
I know!
There's a reason I put myself at the front!
And I'll do even more than Naruto!
He's the fool who fell in love with me…
I'm the one who made Naruto suffer the most.
I was always wrong, I always made mistakes.
I don't want to be wrong ever again.
I don't want to make a mistake ever again.
That's why… I'll never retreat!
Leave it to me, Sakura!
I'm the super elite ninja, and future Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki!
Remember my name!
I'm going to become Hokage
and surpass everyone who came before me!
Your previously ridiculous dreams no longer seem silly.
I won't let you die!
I simply won't let you!
You're not going to die, no matter what!
Looks like we succeeded in getting in, Obito.
Now that you've teleported over there,
please don't get crushed on the other side!
We killed the original!
So why aren't they gone?
The real me will go!
Damn it!
Are you okay, Naruto?
How is this okay?!
Never mind. Just be ready when Kaguya comes back.
The Kamui worked.
They're onto us!
I'll draw their attention,
so you two go hide in the meantime!
I've marked this spot,
so I can hide in my Time-Space for the time being.
You too, Sakura!
The other two ran out of power and faded.
Seems your clones didn't have enough chakra.
Are you the original Naruto?
So what if I am?!
So they were just clones back there.
You fooled us.
You got me.
I'm… the original.
I've gotta fight smart and keep them busy
so they don't go back over there.
This Time-Space should be connected to the others.
We'll open them one by one and look for Sasuke.
Right!
I'll give him all the chakra I've got!
What an incredibly vast Time-Space…
To be able to connect them in an instant.
Just who is this Kaguya?!
Isn't that where we were before?
I can't sense Sasuke in there!
Are you all right?
On to the next!
Yes!
I thought it was around here…
What is…that?
He's not here either.
You should rest a bit.
What about chakra?
Oh… I still have reserves.
Keep enough to get back.
If worse comes to worst and we can't find Sasuke…
We'll find him!
Next!
Be careful about making a gateway, Mother.
Naruto will get closer to Sasuke.
Plus, I've figured out something.
The original Naruto has Truthseeker Orbs around him!
A sea of acid!
Are you okay?
I'm fine!
This is nothing.
You are a Medical Ninja, aren't you?
I'll wait until you heal your wound.
That place wasn't the right one either.
After we rest a little, we'll… Don't worry about it!
There's a limit to our chakra, right?
Why don't you tend to your wound?
Just a little will…
I don't want to waste this chance that Naruto gave us!
You want to help him if he starts to stumble, eh?
Huh?
It's nothing.
Okay, next!
Yes!
He's here!
Sasuke!
Over here! Hurry!
Damn it!
Sasuke!
Cha!
No way…
How did you do it?
It's one of my abilities.
I can shift myself between spaces,
although only over a finite distance.
But I made it here, thanks to that.
Am I powerless to do anything but watch?
Right about now, Sakura and Obito are battling…
I really couldn't do much for you as your teacher.
Nor Obito and Rin, as your friend.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: “The Two of Them…Always”
I just put on airs… and kept making mistakes.
THE TWO OF THEM…ALWAYS Tune in again!